[DOC] Improve the template documentation (#3255)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/assemblies/assembly-customizing-kubernetes-resources.adoc

// This assembly is included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-deployment-configuration.adoc

[id='assembly-customizing-kubernetes-resources-{context}']
= Customizing Kubernetes resources

Strimzi creates several Kubernetes resources, such as `Deployments`, `StatefulSets`, `Pods`, and `Services`, which are managed by Strimzi operators.
Only the operator that is responsible for managing a particular Kubernetes resource can change that resource.
If you try to manually change an operator-managed Kubernetes resource, the operator will revert your changes back.

However, changing an operator-managed Kubernetes resource can be useful if you want to perform certain tasks, such as:

> - Adding custom labels or annotations that control how `Pods` are treated by Istio or other services;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adding custom labels or annotations that control how `Pods` are treated by Istio or other services
```

> - Managing how `Loadbalancer`-type Services are created by the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Managing how `Loadbalancer`-type Services are created by the cluster
```

> You can make these types of changes using the `template` property in the Strimzi custom resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can make such changes using the `template` property in the Strimzi custom resources.
```

The `template` property is supported in the following resources.

> For more details about the customizable fields, check the API reference,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API reference provides more details about the customizable fields.
```

> `Kafka.spec.kafka`:: See xref:type-KafkaClusterTemplate-reference[] for more details
> `Kafka.spec.zookeeper`:: See xref:type-ZookeeperClusterTemplate-reference[] for more details
> `Kafka.spec.entityOperator`:: See xref:type-EntityOperatorTemplate-reference[] for more details
> `Kafka.spec.kafkaExporter`:: See xref:type-KafkaExporterTemplate-reference[] for more details
> `Kafka.spec.cruiseControl`:: See xref:type-CruiseControlTemplate-reference[] for more details
> `Kafka.spec.jmxTrans`:: See xref:type-JmxTransTemplate-reference[] for more details
> `KafkaConnect.spec`:: See xref:type-KafkaConnectTemplate-reference[] for more details
> `KafkaConnectS2I.spec`:: See xref:type-KafkaConnectTemplate-reference[] for more details
> `KafkaMirrorMaker.spec`:: See xref:type-KafkaMirrorMakerTemplate-reference[] for more details
> `KafkaMirrorMaker2.spec`:: See xref:type-KafkaMirrorMaker2Template-reference[] for more details
> `KafkaBridge.spec`:: See xref:type-KafkaBridgeTemplate-reference[] for more details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Kafka.spec.kafka`:: See xref:type-KafkaClusterTemplate-reference[]
`Kafka.spec.zookeeper`:: See xref:type-ZookeeperClusterTemplate-reference[]
`Kafka.spec.entityOperator`:: See xref:type-EntityOperatorTemplate-reference[]
`Kafka.spec.kafkaExporter`:: See xref:type-KafkaExporterTemplate-reference[]
`Kafka.spec.cruiseControl`:: See xref:type-CruiseControlTemplate-reference[]
`Kafka.spec.jmxTrans`:: See xref:type-JmxTransTemplate-reference[]
`KafkaConnect.spec`:: See xref:type-KafkaConnectTemplate-reference[]
`KafkaConnectS2I.spec`:: See xref:type-KafkaConnectTemplate-reference[]
`KafkaMirrorMaker.spec`:: See xref:type-KafkaMirrorMakerTemplate-reference[]
`KafkaMirrorMaker2.spec`:: See xref:type-KafkaMirrorMaker2Template-reference[]
`KafkaBridge.spec`:: See xref:type-KafkaBridgeTemplate-reference[]
```

> `KafkaBridge.spec`:: See xref:type-KafkaClusterTemplate-reference[] for more details

Reviewer 2: it should be `type-KafkaBridgeTemplate-reference`
